h1. Sinatra: Sing with me this ditty

h3. Agenda

1. Sinatra: about
	1.1. What is Sinatra?
		- I know, about what you are thinking!
		- MVC
		- WAT?
		- RESTful HTTP Actions !
	1.2. For whom?
		- For YOU !!
	1.3. For What?
		- hosting statis files
		- any dynamic
		- tons of modules, gems
		- API
		- Satistic apps
		- R + M + V + C + ..
	1.3. Why?
		- Because: Lightweight, Easy, Really fast development
		- code: create one file, install gem, run
		- WAT?
		- Yep, it's Whole WEB Application o_O
		- screen-shot: Go to browser
	1.4. About Sinatra
		- Single file web app, speed, minimalism, Rack, Templates, JS, ORB, fast
		- Oh man, I know, about what you are thinking!
		- Why I have to install Ruby ?
		- Just come down. It's NOT a problem! Really. MacOS has Ruby. Ubuntu has Ruby. Windows..
		- WAT? Windows. Are You Serious ??
		- Yep, you can use Ruby on your lovely Windows http://rubyinstaller.org
		- Let's talk about Sinatra
	1.5. Shortly about Ruby
		- some docs
		- what is gem?
		- ...
2. Site: up and running
	2.1. Routes
	2.2. Custom Routes
	2.3. Static files
	2.4. Let's up our site
		- code: Up real site. Put your HTML, CSS, JS files in public folder. run.
	2.5. Views / Templates
		- Available Template Languages
		- Let's talk about HAML
		- HAML intro
		- code: Use HAML and SASS in Sinatra (CoffeeScript?)
	2.6. Views / Layouts
		- code: Add layout to our site
	2.7. Configuration
	2.8. Sinatra provide you
		- Filters, Helpers, Error Handling, Testing, Sessions...
3. Deploy: in a minutes
	3.1. Rack Middleware
	3.2. Heroku: what is it?
	3.3. code: Prepare app to deploy
	3.4. code: Deploy to Heroku
		- WAT?
		- Yep, we just now Deployed our web app o_O
		- screen-shot: Go to browser
4. DB: just use it
	4.1. ORM: It's easy
		- How to incude some ORM (DataMapper or Active Record)
		- ..
		- ...
		- ....
	4.2. NoSQL - no problems
		- How to incude some NoSQL gem (for Mongo or Redis)
		- ..
		- ...
		- ....
5. Sinatra: more
	5.1. Authentification
		- Rack::Warden (?)
	5.2. Rack Modules
		- Some useful Rack Modules (?)
		- ..
	5.3. Images
		- Work with images (??)
	5.4. Files Upload/Download
		- How to upload/download files (?)
	5.5. Sotial networks
		- OAuth (?)
		- Twitter Facebook (?) 
		- some useful gems.. (?)
	5.6. API example
		- Some API example (?)
		- JSON - it's easy, just call .to_json method 
	5.7. Links